[Music]
[Applause]
hi hello everyone thanks for coming
you will wonder who this is
sir that looks so funny so high
so skinny and this curve then so that
you know me I'm going to sing a song
pleasure
give me your hand
I'm the banana
My fiber is good for your belly
sweet flavor is pure energy helps you to
sleep and it feels good
[Music]
I give you phil was for your subjects you
helped to take care of your veins and arteries and
I take care of your blood so you do not know very well
everyone says I'm very sweet and that's why
Many people ask me for dessert after
to have lunch I remember that one afternoon a
child asked for a bullet not for after the
lunch in a restaurant and suddenly
the boy says waiter the banana that
he brought is talking and the waiter
he answered as a child tell them that please
be street
and another day a girl who loved
the banana asked his mom mom
I can repeat banana and mom told him
clear daughter then the girl answered
banana banana banana banana
there are many things you can prepare
with me for example with boots for
babies reminds me of two gentlemen who
they are talking and one asks the other
hey and how is your baby and the lord
Answer is fine as you like
both the banana is growing very
Healthy has been walking for three months
and the other responds
then you must go very far
[Laughs]
remember that if you eat banana you do it
well to your brain and if your brain is
well your memory will be fine that no
what happened to the lady who did not eat
banana and decided to tell her neighbor
neighbor it seems to me that I am losing the
memory and the neighbor asks him seriously
and since when and the lady answered
since when since what response
thank you thank you for coming I hope that
have enjoyed a lot and remember
eat banana
[Applause]
and I hope you have learned many
good things that happen to us to eat
bananas having us until the next
class
I am your friend
he not all of you
sometimes
if you want to learn it
ah
and
[Music]
[Applause]
i
[Music]